Who created Bitcoin? And when was it launched?
Bitcoin was first described in a white paper released in 2008 and published under the name “Satoshi Nakamoto.” The protocol underlying Bitcoin was released in 2009 as open source software2. The Bitcoin network is a worldwide network of computers that run Bitcoin software.


What is a crypto wallet?
Crypto wallets store private keys, the passwords that give you access to your cryptocurrencies. Crypto wallets can be either “hot wallets,” meaning they are connected to the Internet, or “cold wallets,” meaning they are offline. Hot wallets are generally more susceptible to being hacked than cold wallets, so the best practice is to use a cold wallet for the long-term storage of cryptocurrencies.


What's the latest and safest cryptocurrency to invest in?
As regards investing, you don't go for just the latest, you go for the best used and with good potentials and adoption.
This is my list.
-Bitcoin
-Ethereum
-Ripple
Else, you can just get to invest through GSRTInvest. c o m safely and with limited risks of losing your investments. Professionals help you thread in the stocks and cryptocurrency markets with low risk high reward ratio.
Remember, the cryptocurrency market is very volatile and it requires good timing and technical analysis and regular news updates
How about you give a shot at trading and not merely investing in cryptocurrency. If you're not a good trader or just new to this, you have no choice but to go for top dogs to help you make this money you so much require.
The lockdown and the economic situation is not certain that's why you need a helping hand even to the littlest things.
Not a way to compel you but a way to keep you on a good path in investing right with cryptocurrency especially Bitcoin.


What are the advantages of cryptocurrency?
Here are several of the benefits of using cryptocurrency, and how doing so can change your outlook on money altogether.
After much investigations and research i have made about how to earn more profit on cryptocurrency legitimately, I will recommend CryptoExchangeFX Cryptocurrency Investment Platform (www.cryptoexchangefx,com) as it is relatively on for a while now (launched at mid-summer 2017) but has become the largest Cryptocurrency Investment Platform right now (total volume over 120 million dollars) where you get 20% profit of your invested cryptocurrency after every 10 days. It supports variety of cryptocurrency like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin and other Altcoins. I find that it has a really nice UI and support.
Better Security
Unlike traditional payments, like cash and credit cards, cryptocurrencies are digital and encrypted; you cannot be ripped off in a transaction like you can be with legacy payment systems, and it is much harder to steal cryptocurrency compared to a wallet full cash. In a world where so many of our transactions are online, and our savings and credit rating are at stake at all times, anything that provides increased transactional security is a plus. And there is currently no transaction mechanism that is currently more safe and secure than those that use cryptocurrency.
Cut Out the Middleman
Another great benefit of using cryptocurrency, especially when purchasing real property, is that digital currency can help eliminate expensive brokers, lawyers, and other typical “middlemen” who inevitably raise the costs of already expensive transactions. Cryptocurrency can essentially act like “a large property rights database”, according to one financial expert, and can be used to execute and enforce two-party contracts on items like real estate and automobiles, thus eliminating expensive brokerage and legal fees.
Access to Everyone in Every Market
As more people, including billions of people in the developing world, increasingly use mobile devices linked to the Internet to conduct financial transactions, cryptocurrency is truly going to come into its own. All cryptocurrency is designed for low cost, no-fee transactions, so undoubtedly these digital currencies will become increasingly popular as more people have access to mobile devices to conduct financial transactions. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, mobile phone technology spread rapidly through the developing world, and saturated markets where standard landline telephones had never been established; cryptocurrency is poised to do the same exact thing.
Universal Recognition
If you do business globally, or travel frequently, you are often exposed to exchange rate risk; that is, the transaction can be affected by currency exchange rates. You may also be subject to fees associated with exchanging one currency for another, or find challenges in exchanging currency altogether. Fortunately, with cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, that is a non-issue, as the digital currency is universally recognized at a given value. This helps to save time in determining a price for a transaction, as well as any fees associated with exchanging money from one form to another. As cryptocurrency is increasingly adopted around the world, it is going to make financial transactions faster and simpler, which is a great thing for everyone involved.
You Are in the Driver’s Seat
One of the best things about cryptocurrency is that, unlike virtually any other type of money retaining system (save for a wall safe or your wallet) you totally own it. Think about it: most traditional liquid asset systems – banks, credit unions, brokerage houses, or even high tech ones like PayPal – take control of your funds and leave you subject to their terms of service. If they decide that you have violated those terms, they can suspend your account. They can change their terms of service, and cause you to have to pay more or receive fewer funds for important transactions. With cryptocurrency, you retain all of the funds on hand, so to speak, digitally, with no third party involvement; the only one who can change the terms of your cryptocurrency use is YOU.


Why is crypto so important, and should I care?
Cryptography is the technology which enables you to secure the communication which requires third party called “Adversaries”. It will secure your data from getting stolen or hacked.
If you're asking about Cryptocurrencies; It uses the same Principle of peer to peer verification to complete a transaction securely. The money you have in your pocket is fiat money, which means it is sanctioned by the Central bank. That means every 500 or 2000 Rs notes you have are legal tender because of RBI’s stamp. However, Cryptocurrencies does not need any sanctions. It has its intrinsic value, which comes from the winners who mine your coins using their GPU’s.
It is important because it tries to revolutionize the way banking system work. It tries to dissolve the centralization of authority to the decentralized, people affiliated currency, which can not be manipulated through government agencies. However it is in its embryonic state. It needs a larger adoption and widespread acknowledgement.
To answer your last question, Yes it matters to everyone. At least to those who want to revolutionize the way system works.


 Where can investors buy bitcoin?
Examples of ways investors can buy bitcoin include going on a cryptocurrency trading platform or buying a bitcoin ETF. There are pros and cons to each method of access. For example, bitcoin ETFs have the advantage of being able to be held in a registered account (e.g., TFSA or RRSP). However, while investors can buy and sell bitcoin 24/7 on a cryptocurrency trading platform, investors can only trade bitcoin ETFs during regular market hours.


Who controls Bitcoin’s software?
Bitcoin is an open source project, with no official entity controlling the Bitcoin network. Anyone can review Bitcoin’s code and propose changes. There are many compatible versions of Bitcoin network software, but a distribution of the software known as “Bitcoin Core” is currently the most widely adopted and provides the de facto standard for the Bitcoin protocol.


 What is the main difference between bitcoin and NFTs?
Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are blockchain tokens that are not in general mutually interchangeable. In contrast, bitcoin is a fungible token, meaning that one bitcoin can be readily exchanged for another bitcoin, much in the same way one Canadian dollar can be exchanged for another Canadian dollar.

Types of Cryptocurrency?
Although some people use the terms crypto, coins, and tokens interchangeably, they are not the same things. To gain a basic understanding of cryptocurrency, it’s important to understand how these terms differ from one another. Cryptocurrencies generally fall into one of two categories:
Coins: Can include Bitcoin and altcoins (all cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin)
Tokens: Programmable assets that live within the blockchain of a given platform
The term altcoin refers to all cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin. Some main types of altcoins include mining-based cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, security tokens, and utility tokens.

What is Ethereum?
Ethereum is an open software platform based on blockchain technology that enables developers to build and deploy decentralized applications.The Ethereum  was originally released via Frontier on July 30, 2015 by the Ethereum Foundation, a Swiss non-profit founded by Vitalik Buterin and the core Ethereum team.

What is Carnado?



